movie - 1 => Loser Billionaire
1 - targeted client -> young people
2 - Love his work
3 - meet injured client in hospital who injured because of his company fault.
4 - He bring the client to meet with different clubs. (Introduce client with new businesses)
 
movie - 2 => The Banker Black Man 
1 - Hero find the opportunity to purchase the house from white people and sale the property to the black people.
2 - Hero always remain in anger and always in anger behavior and observe the things in anger 
3 - Hero already know about client question

movie - 3 
0 - Task Accomplishment
I - meet daily 5 client and monthly target minimum 100 units sale to client and clients = 1 * 26 = 26 per month
II - After that slowly increase the target after estimate calculation from previous month target and then increase the target.
III - Now Stop work little bit first find client.

1 - The Planning Fallacy 
Over estimation on abilities or Observe the abilities overconfidently (means not to do two days work in single day if possibility of two days)

2 - The Contrast Effect 
Hand dip in cold water and after that same hand dip in normal water then cold handed water you feel normal water hot than cold water. Even an average thing seems to be good in front of a bad thing. whereas even a good thing in front of a very expensive thing seems to be of normal price.
Money contrast means => normal rate 15000, gold rate 25000, diamond rate 50000
like iPhonex, iPhone mini etc
Create offer on rituals like Ramdan etc
Create fearer or scary situation

3 - You Must Never Disagree
Never disagree in communication with the client for win and win situation.
Never start your conversation by disrespecting the other person.

4 - The Story Bias
Create the stories on you product.

5 - Perception is Reality
6 - The Sunk Cost Fallacy

movie - 4 Qasim Ali Shah
1 - Facebook
1 - create multiple or 10 different adds with small budget and experience which one or multiple adds give you revenue to sale product.
2 - create group book lovers that people who interest will join the group
advantage, page detail, targetting
